hey what's up guys I hope you had a very
happy new year today's recipe is going
to be a nice fresh and crisp way to kick
off 2015 so today I'm going to show you
my take on Waldorf salad
alright so first up we're going to make
some stovetop candied walnuts so get a
small nonstick pan on medium heat add
the walnuts brown sugar honey and a good
pinch of salt then you're gonna cook it
for about 10 minutes while stirring as
it cooks
once they're properly glazed and
slightly darkened you're going to dump
them out onto a container lined with
some parchment paper or some wax paper
and allow to cool until you're ready to
use
next going to slice up a few Gala apples
into eighth inch slices approximately
then cut the slices lengthwise to make
baton A's or these little match like
stick pieces there are nice little
garnishing touch but make sure to toss
the cut apples and a little bit of lemon
juice and olive oil to prevent them from
turning brown it also adds a nice little
refreshing citrus flavor to the apple
but once you're done doing that set them
aside until you are ready to use
all right so after you're done with the
Apple you're going to grab some endive
cut the brown portion of the stem off
then you're going to quarter it
lengthwise season the endive wedges with
a little bit of olive oil salt and fresh
cracked black pepper and then you're
gonna grill the endive on a very hot
griddle for about two to three minutes
on each side
once that's done you have some really
beautiful grill marks on the endive
we're going to remove them from the
grill and gather everything to plate the
salad
all right so here I'm going to dress a
little bit of frisee and radicchio with
some lemon juice some olive oil a little
bit of kosher salt and some fresh
cracked black pepper and I'm going to
use this mix as the base for this salad
basically it's going to be the bedding
and it's also going to add a nice little
texture with the beautiful frisée and
the color of the radicchio
next I'm just going to lay down a few
pieces of that grilled warm endive and
this is going to act as really sort of
the meat and the the hardiness of this
salad after that I'm going to garnish it
with a few pieces of the candied walnuts
then a few those baton A's of the gala
apple and then here I'm going to dollop
some yogurt that I just put in a squeeze
bottle it's a nice little garnishing
touch to a beautiful salad and then
finally some blue cheese and then of
course I love my little mini herbs so
I'm going to garnish it with just a
little bit of parsley hopefully you guys
enjoyed my take on a Waldorf salad and
this is definitely one of those fun
recipes to kick off 2015 with a nice
little refreshing crisp twist
all right guys this looks amazing I'm
super excited to dig in and tell you
guys how I did but before I do that I
just want to wish you guys are really
happy new year this has been kind of a
crazy 2014 for me with Oliver moving
into this place and everything in
between with my channel and all of you
guys so I'm very thankful that you guys
just supported me along the way and you
know all of you foodies out there I
really appreciate just the support for
the culinary community on YouTube I love
it I'm a super big foodie so I
appreciate all the support that you guys
give in my channel yeah I just really I
really enjoy being in the company of
foodies and people who just really love
food as much as I do so thanks for
supporting me in 2014 and hopefully 2015
is just going to bring a whole new load
of recipes lots of cool stuff and maybe
some more travel adventures so stay
tuned but let me taste this and I'll
tell you guys how I did with this very
interesting Waldorf salad oh this looks
good I really like fork and knife salads
just because they're a little bit more
Hardy and they usually tend to have sort
of like chunkier vegetables or a
chunkier cut of lettuce so it's really
good mmm I love that the endive is
grilled really nice little char flavor
the apples are great add a nice
sweetness to it along with the the
candied walnuts so good a ton going on
with this salad grilled endive
yeah the radicchio the light nice little
bat tane are these little almost like
matchstick apples the little lemon
vinaigrette with the lemon in olive oil
the fries it has a really beautiful
little fluffy texture has a nice crunch
to it as well the candied walnuts are
amazing I could just eat those by the
handful which I usually do and what else
am I missing something all the yogurt
just a little bit of yogurt goes such a
long way with this recipe
most Waldorf salad have like mayonnaise
or yogurt base dressing and I thought it
was just nice to have some plain yogurt
dollop tuna
fancy fashion on this dish it added a
little bit of texture to it give his
nice little pillowy effect really great
and of course the blue cheese is
fantastic funny enough I'm not a huge
blue cheese lover but with this salad in
particular and with certain dishes that
require that sort of salinity or that
saltiness with it it adds a nice little
punch of taneous to it just melds this
whole salad together this is a great
example of the beauty of deconstructing
sort of the an idea of a recipe you can
have fun with it play with it
reinvent dishes so I really enjoy doing
that hopefully you guys enjoyed this
tutorial it's a great way to kick off
2015 it's kind of like a decadent
old-school classic fancy salad so it's
definitely a party pleaser well hope you
guys enjoyed this recipe if you did
please thumbs up subscribe and comment
below for future video requests things
you want to see on my channel and of
course I'll see you guys next time with
another delicious recipe
bye everybody
you